Hello and welcome to this new tutorial and the previous one we made to decode training said function
that decoded the observations of the training set.
And at the same time we turned the output of the decoder but that was for the observations of the training
said that is some observations there are going back into the neural network to update the weights and
improve the ability of the jackboot to talk like a human.
But now in Mr. toile we're going to make kind of the same function.
But for a new kind of observations these observations are actually the observations of the test set
and the validation set.
And basically these are new observations that won't be used for the training and that's why as you can
see here I called this code section decoding the test validation set because the function we're about
to make will be used not only to predict the observations of the test in the end that is the answers
of the questions we'll be asking to the chat but in the test phase part 4 remember.
But then also the validation set.
And where does the validation set that the set we will make during the training also.
But we will do some cross-validation technique to keep separately 10 percent of the trainset for cross-validation
which is a technique that keeps a small part of the training data to test the predictive power on new
observations.
That's a very useful technique to not only reduce overfilling but also to improve the accuracy on your
And so the function we were about to make right now will be very similar to the one we just made only
there is going to be one fundamental change.
It is the function by tens of flow we are going to use right here in the previous Statoil to make the
de-code trainings that function.
We used the attention to Kirner and train function to make this training decoded function.
But now since we'll have to make a test decoding function to you know decode the observations of the
set or the validation set.
Well this time we want to use the attention decode F and train function by tons of flow we will use
another one called the attention decoder for an inference function y inference.
What does that inference term mean exactly.
Well if you look at the definition on a dictionary to infer means to deduce logically and that perfectly
makes sense because once the Chadwell is trained it has a logic inside its brain and therefore it is
able to deduce logically the answers to the questions that is being asked based on the logic it learned
during the training.
So it understood its own logic during the training and therefore after the training on new observations
it will infer the answers to the questions that is being asked.
So that's why the name of this new function where we belt to use will perfectly make sense here to decode
the test validation set that is to decode some new observations that won't be used for the training
we will use the attention that code and inference function.
And that's the main change we'll have to make here we will have to make some little other changes.
But that's the most fundamental one.
All right so let's do this.
Are you ready.
We're going to do this efficiently I'm going to copy this function and paste it here.
So first what we'll have to do is of course change the name of the function so you can either call it
the code test set or to code validation set or code test validation set as you want.
But since the ultimate goal is to predict the new observations during the test set that is in part for
testing the sector model testing the chad but well I would like to call it the code test set but keep
in mind that we will also use this function for the validation set when applying cross-validation during
the training.
All right so Dakotah set and now this function is going to take almost the same arguments here but plus
four new ones that we'll have to input between decoder embedded input and sequence length.
So I'm going to add them here.
The first one we need to add is the S.O.S token ID the store of string token ID which I'm going to name
as 0 as ID.
Then the second one will need is going to be the end of string token ID this time so I'm going to call
this one O S underscore ID then the maximum underscore length which corresponds to the length of the
longest entry you can find in the batch.
And length and then a final one that we have to add here which is the total number of words of all the
answers.
So basically you have to take the answers words to dictionary take the length of the dictionary because
in this dictionary we have all the different words as the key identifiers of all the answers text and
therefore later on this argument that I'm about at here will be this length of the answers were in the
dictionary but right now I just need to give a name to that and I'm going to call that number like number
words.
All right.
I think that makes sense that it's a total number of words.
You also use in this function but at some point we'll also use the whole number of words of the questions.
But we will make that difference clear.
All right so that was the four new arguments we needed to add.
So now the question is why do we need to add them that just because of this new function we will use
here you know we're not going to use the attention A.F. and train function as we said we're going to
replace it by tension that could infer function and this attention seeker if and infer function will
need these four new arguments here.
That's the only reason why we have to add them.
OK.
So as soon as Id as ID maximum length number of words perfect.
Now let's move on to the other lines to see if we need to change anything.
So here the attention States will of course again we will need them.
So nothing to change here then the attention keeps the attention values the tension score function and
the tension construct function will also be needed of course in sight side the attention they could
find in for a function because of course we still need to consider the attention to predict our new
observations.
The only difference is that these new observations won't be used in the train that is they won't be
back propagated inside the neural network but we still need attention because attention is part of the
power of the prediction.
That's why we need to keep the attention features here that will be inside this new function.
And speaking of this new function.
Well that's the fundamental change we need to include here.
So first of all let's not forget to change this variable name.
Now we're not going to make a training decoding function but a test decode function.
And so now let's apply the fundamental change we're going to make this testing function.
Thanks to the attention to coater.
If an inference function and attention trigger an inference function is still taken from set to stick
of course from country and from tends to flow.
All right and now this function is going to take almost the same arguments.
But of course new ones as you understood.
So first of all the first argument it's going to take is not increase data.
Be careful with that one.
It's going to be the output function.
The output function is needed because we will not return our final test predictions using the output
function here.
The attention to go to an inference function allows to input this output function and therefore instead
of using it in the end we will use it right here.
Therefore we have to do it here and that's why I am adding right now.
Output function which is still our argument of our new dico tests that function.
All right so let's move on.
Let's not forget coming here and now.
Let's see which arguments we need to keep here which arguments we need to remove and which arguments
we need to add.
So output function than encoded state 0.
Yes we have to keep it.
Attention keys.
Yes we have to keep it as well intentioned values.
Yes.
Tensions function.
Yes an attention construct function yes as well.
And that's because these are the intention features that we need to keep because we need to keep the
attention part of the neural network of the decoder.
Because of course that's a part that plays a powerful role into predicting the final outcome.
So we have of course to keep the attention to propagate the signal and get even more relevant predictions.
So we have to get all the attention features and then that's where we need to add some arguments and
I'm sure you know which ones we need to add.
That's of course the ones we added here as new arguments have our de-code tested function.
But that's not all we also need to include this one which by the way is not exactly the decoder embedded
in.
This is rather the decoder and beddings matrix that gives us these inputs.
So they go to embedding matrix not to be confused with the decoder embedded input.
You'll see when we make the good Arnon and then the SEC the SEC moral and actually tutorials Well we
will make distinction between these two to decode and that input and the decoder embeddings matrix.
And the argument here that wanted to add and this attention to to an inference function is the Deaker
embeddings matrix by the way.
Again I recommend to check out the resources of each lecture because in each lecture I provide the essential
sense of documentation that you have to check out to.
If you won't get more details on the essential function we are using.
So for example for this lecture I will provide the documentation for this attention decoded if an inference
function so that you can see more details on each of these arguments for example and what it returns
and what it does exactly.
That's because I cannot provide all the details in the lectures but you'll have all the details in the
tens of documentation.
All right so we are going to add these new arguments for this attention to as an inference function
and that starts from this one decoder embeddings Matrix up to the number of words that the decoder embeddings
matrix to store of string token ID the end of strings or the maximum length and number of words.
So let's get all of them.
I'm going to copy them and I'm going to add them efficiently by just pasting them right here.
So let's add them one by one first ticker embeddings matrix.
Perfect then.
So I say ID.
There we go.
Id.
And maximum length and total number of words non-words.
All right so now we have our new arguments that's perfect but that's not all for this tension in the
code.
If an inference function we need to change the scope name here which for the attention f and Trend function
was the attention decoder.
Train code for this coupling.
But now we're no longer doing some training we're doing some inference meaning that we are predicting
the outcomes of new observations that won't be used for the training based on the logic that was learned
and understood by the church during its training and therefore to specify that we're not in training
mode but instead in inference mode well we need to replace this train here by then.
So basically this name scope is the name of the node of the decoder whether it is in training mode to
trend the jabat on the observations or the inference mode to predict the outcomes of new observations
that won't be used for the training.
All right so we got our new mode attention tech and attention seeker inference.
That's great.
And now we're almost done.
We need to change a few things left right here.
So we're still going to use the dynamic RNA and decode function to get the final output.
But since this final output won't be used for the training that it won't be back propagate into the
neural network we can directly call this output not decode the output but test predictions because these
are our ultimate predictions desperate actions.
And then if you want you can keep the DeCola found state and the decoded final context date.
Even though we won't be using them for the rest of the implementation that's only if you want to have
a clear visual look at the elements returned by the function you're using.
It's OK if you keep them that's just for clarity.
All right.
Perfect so test predictions.
That's what this code tested function will return.
And now let's change a few things left here.
And this dynamic ion the current function.
So first of all let a line everything like that sequence length and scope.
All right.
And now let's have a look at the arguments one by one.
All right so to get our final test predictions we're going to use the dynamic and decode function and
we'll need to decode a cell.
So we have to keep it here.
The next argument.
Training the code function.
Well of course we won't be using the training decode function this time but instead the test decoding
function.
That's the function we just got here.
Thanks to the attention Nicola Ephron inference function my sense of flow.
So make sure to replace this by as a function and then decode or embedded input and sequence length
are only used for the training they're not used to get the final predictions or the predictions on the
cross-validation set.
So we can remove them and removing that line here.
All right.
Perfect.
And now let's see the last one scope equals decoding scope.
Yes we still need that for the test predictions and the validation predictions.
So we will keep that.
And therefore we're done with these test predictions that we just got.
Perfect.
Then next line to go to output drop out.
Well do think we have to keep it.
The answer is of course no because the drop out is only used for the training to reduce overfishing
and improve the accuracy.
That's only for the training and therefore not for the test part.
And so we can remove this as well.
All right.
And finally return output function decode Alpha dropout.
Well here you'll probably guess what we have to do it's actually very simple.
Since I told you we're not going to use the output function here in the end to get our test predictions
because we use this output function arguments of this attention to an inference function well instead
of using it we will just replace that by what we want to return and which is directly our test score
predictions.
Perfect return test predictions.
And now we're done with this new de-code test that functions that the code the observations of the test
set and the validation set and that returns the test prediction or the validation predictions.
Great.
So now we ready to select this function and execute perfect.
We now have our de-code tested function.
So great news.
Now we are ready to make the decoder RNA layer or more simply the decoder Arnon by the way we called
this function encoder and there.
I don't want you to have any confusion between the main layers of the sector Seck moral that is the
good are there and the Dakotah there and the sub layers inside each of these models.
So in order to avoid any kind of confusion like that I will just replace this in good RNA and layer
name function by simply and code Arnon so that you understand that we are just building the architecture
of the organ and of the encoder which we sometimes call the main layer of the anchor Arnon.
But in order not to confuse it with the layers inside the Arnon.
Well I prefer to call it in good or Arnon.
I think this will avoid any confusion.
And therefore in the next story we will make the function that will build the decoder Arnon and Willey's
of course these two functions dico trainset and Dakota set because we will not only get the training
predictions but also the test predictions for respectively the training set and both the validation
set and the test.
So we'll do that in the next tutorial and until then and Jaideep been LP.